# temp-repo

# summary: Give quick summary, technologies I work with, experience I( have.
Then go on to say

#About me

With experience in banking software and big-data, real-time analytics software and a number of personal projects, I have solid experience of working with different types of software in different programming languages on both a macro and micro scale across the full stack and software lifecycle. I have worked with plenty of well designed and badly designed software so have a thorough appreciation of the importance of good software design and the trade-offs between complexity, time constraints and future maintenance/enhancements. Also being from a heavy maths background, algorithms and cunning solutions to difficult problems are one of my specialties.

#technologies I am proficient with:
Node.js, JavaScript (ES-2016), C++, MongoDB, Linux, AWS, HTML + CSS + Bootstrap, Nginx, Express.js, Passport, Npm, Git, Mocha and various APIs including Google, Facebook and Stripe. 

#other technologies i have worked with (at an intermediate level):
Java, Dart, PostgreSQL/SQL, AngularJS 2.0, React.js (currently learning)

#looking for
I am currently looking for contract work around London.
[State here the technologies i am proficient/intermediate in]

#Job/experience
#Software Developer at Ancoa
**brief:** February 2015 - May 2016; full-stack development of a Market-surveillance platform
**Key technologies used:** C++, Qt framework, Dart, AngularDart [has many similarities to both angularJS 1 and 2], Linux, Git, PostgreSQL.
**description:** Ancoa provides a platform which detects anomalies and suspicious behaviour in securities markets such as stock markets. It could handle big-data in real-time, as some clients could have tens of millions of data entries streaming through per day. I contributed to all area's of the system; data-handling, development of algorithms to detect suspicious behaviour, data-integration, database management, desktop and web front-end, improvement of the build-system on Linux, Ancoa's APIs for clients, and some client-facing tasks and attendance of fintech events.

#Graduate Developer at Sword APAK
**Brief:** July 2014 - February 2015; full-stack development, banking software
**key technologies used:** C++, .NET framework, SQL Server
**description:** Position involved working closely with Business Analysts to enhance and develop features for the Aurius banking system; a banking system used by smaller banks which combines all systems of traditional banking platforms into one agile system.

#Final year dissertation software (nodeocrat.com/blog/apalg)
**Brief:** Demonstrates various Graph Theory algorithms written in Java, on self-drawn or auto-generated graphs.
**info:** This project was made from scratch without using any external libraries. It is was re-written shortly after my degree to conform to new software-design practices I had learnt as a graduate developer. Visit the given URL for an excerpt of the relevant part of my final year project, a download of the software (a JAR file) itself, and a link to the Github repository.

#Loopless game-server (nodeocrat.com/blog/shootyballs)
**brief:** An experimental online multiplayer game to test an idea of a loopless game-server.
**info:** Visit the URL for a more in depth explanation.

#Personal website (this site)
**Brief:** Site to further practice various modern web technologies and put them into production.
**info:** Hosted on Ubuntu 16.04 Server, on AWS. The backend is built with node.js, express.js, mongoDB and uses a range of popular npm packages including passport for authentication, socket.io, bcrypt for salted-hashing locally stored passwords, helmet for a number of security measures and mongoose for schema design. Facebook and google-login is also supported. The web-server sits behind nginx, which serves static files via http/2 if the browser supports it which avoids the complexities and inefficiencies from having to bundle large client-side apps. It is secured using a free SSL certificate generated by Letsencrypt. It recently gone live so is lacking content; that should change rapidly over the next 1-2 weeks.
**mention mobile ready too**
